de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/neurons/Neuron.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.neurons.Neuron
de/ft/ekes/weblauncher/Communication/SocketController.java
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.Communication.SocketController
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/virtualtileworld/VirtualTileWorld.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.virtualtileworld.VirtualTileWorld
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/actors/kreatur/Kreatur.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.actors.kreatur.Kreatur
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/NeuronalNetwork.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.NeuronalNetwork
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/activationFunktions/Identity.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.activationFunktions.Identity
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ActorManager.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ActorManager
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/virtualtileworld/Tile.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.virtualtileworld.Tile
de/ft/ekes/weblauncher/WebMain.java
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.WebMain
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.WebMain$1
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.WebMain$2
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/actors/Actor.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.actors.Actor
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/Vector2.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.Vector2
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/Time.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.Time
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/neurons/WorkingNeuron.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.neurons.WorkingNeuron
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/Variables.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.Variables
de/ft/ekes/weblauncher/Communication/KreaturTransmit.java
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.Communication.KreaturTransmit
de/ft/ekes/weblauncher/Communication/SendingPacker.java
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.Communication.SendingPacker
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.Communication.SendingPacker$1
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/EvolutionsSimulator.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.EvolutionsSimulator
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/activationFunktions/Sigmoid.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.activationFunktions.Sigmoid
de/ft/ekes/weblauncher/Communication/Parameter.java
 de.ft.ekes.weblauncher.Communication.Parameter
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/Connection.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.Connection
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/actors/kreatur/Kreatur2.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.actors.kreatur.Kreatur2
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/actors/kreatur/Feeler.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.actors.kreatur.Feeler
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/virtualtileworld/LandType.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.virtualtileworld.LandType
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/virtualtileworld/WorldGenerator.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.virtualtileworld.WorldGenerator
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/activationFunktions/ActivationFunktion.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.activationFunktions.ActivationFunktion
de/ft/ekes/BackEnd/ai/NeuronalNetwork/neurons/InputNeuron.java
 de.ft.ekes.BackEnd.ai.NeuronalNetwork.neurons.InputNeuron
